Cried so let's talk briefly about image optimization.
This is really important for two reasons.
One it's just another clue that she can give the Search Engines of a watcher and pages about and as
a result she can rank higher in the search results.
But secondly and probably more importantly it allows you to peer into google image search results.
This is important especially if you've got a physical product.
And if you've got people searching for images there if it's faster than for to visually find what they're
looking for rather than read what it's about.
Well and this is important strategy for you so let me show you a couple of quick things that you can
optimize your images.
So if we return to the example article that I'm publishing in wordpress here that you are I'll optimization
you can see that about it in two images.
One is just you know an example of godi where our law is optimization where the key word is there.
And then secondly an example of poor optimization really there's just two things that you want to focus
on.
Number one is the alternative text to make sure your keywords are in there.
And it's easy to read.
And then secondly what you want to do is just make sure the actual is on the actual file name itself
includes the keywords.
So as you can see separated by hyphen so cost you are l dash optimization.
Example.
You don't want it to be something generic like D.H. 1 x y z or whatever screen shot x y and on the days
you want to put in actually descriptive keywords that'll help you allow new users find your content
.